[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2014 horror film babadook so
let's get started the film begins with
widow Emilia and her six-year-old son
Sam her late husband Oscar was killed in
a car accident while driving Emilia to
the hospital while in labor with Sam Sam
who is portrayed as a child that is
quite obnoxious and frankly annoying has
become overtaken with fears of imaginary
monsters often leading to insomnia and
even building weapons to fight the
monsters and is subsequently expelled
from school for bringing these weapons
one night Sam asks his mother to read a
pop-up book called mr. Baba Dook the
story tells of a terrifying top-hat
wearing man monster that torments his
victims as they become aware of his
existence Emilia is disturbed by the
book and Sam becomes convinced that the
babadook is real Emilia loses a great
deal of sleep over the next few weeks as
she tries to comfort her terrified son
strange events begin to occur doors
opening and closing strange sounds and
even Amelia fighting shards of glass in
her food Emilia thinks these are all
related to Sam Sam believes it's the
babadook Emilia tears up the book and
throw it into the trash after an
incident where Sam breaks his cousin's
nose Sam has visions of the babadook
leading to a febrile seizure and Emilia
obtains some sedatives from a
pediatrician the next day Emilia finds
the babadook book has been reassembled
in his honour her doorstep with new
pages having been added talking about
the babadook becoming stronger and even
pages of Emilia killing her dog then
killing Samuel then killing herself
horrified she burns the book and then
goes to the police claiming that she is
being stalked however with no proof the
police can't do anything after seeing a
silhouette that resembles the babadook
she goes home scare Emilia becomes a
shut-in and grows more frustrated with
Sam and the visions the babadook
continued one night Emilia has a vision
of her late husband Oscar who says that
he will return
if she gives Sam Dean Amelia fleas and
the babadook possesses her she breaks
her dog's neck and attempts to kill Sam
Sam lures her into the basement and
knocks her unconscious Amelie awakens in
this tied up when she tries to strangle
him
Sam strokes her face lovingly causing
her to vomit a black substance seeming
to expel the babadook Sam reminds her
that the book states you can't get rid
of the babadook and is dragged by an
unseen force
Amelia saves Sam but is forced by the
babadook to rewatch visions of her
husband's death she challenges the
monster and forces the babadook into the
basement and locks the door afterwards
we see Amelia and Sam have recovered
their relationship seems so much more
loving and strong they collect some
worms from the garden which Amelia
brings to the babadook in the basement
the babadook then tries to attack her
but she is able to calm it down and then
it retreats and eats the worms she
returns to the yard to celebrate Sam's
birthday though there are many
interpretations of this film our
favorite is that there was actually no
Babbitt oh and that this all took place
in Amelia's head and that the babadook
was just a representation of Amelia's
grief depression psychosis tiredness and
frustration with her son that eventually
she was able to control and manage by
storing it in the basement so that was
the spoilers for babadook if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
remember to follow us on social media
and to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching